Backport jetpack 16.0-a.1 changes (#49612)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/videopress/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.37.0] - 2026-06-15
### Added
- VideoPress: Add drag-and-drop video upload to the new Library, with upload progress and a notice when the single-video plan limit is reached. [#49358]

> - VideoPress: Open a video's details from the Library grid by clicking the thumbnail or title, with a hover "Edit details" affordance and full keyboard support. [#49472]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add drag-and-drop video upload to the new library, with upload progress and a notice when the single-video plan limit is reached. [#49358]
- Open a video's details from the library grid by clicking the thumbnail or title, with a hover "Edit details" affordance and full keyboard support. [#49472]
```
